This repo is a collection of work written for my MSc dissertation and research project.

In recent years the use of predictive models in policing has increased, however, an accurate model to predict domestic violence has not been produced. Using data provided by Northumbria Police, the project aimed to develop a predictive model to forecast domestic violence instances that are associated with football matches in the Northeast of England. 
Research that has been previously conducted into this subject suggested that there was a link between football matches and increased levels of domestic violence, however, predictive models remained underdeveloped in this area, with limited success. 
Three deep learning models were utilized in the research - Multi-Layered Perceptron(MLP), Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) and Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN) - to predict the likelihood of domestic violence occurring during football matches in the North East Demonstrating the highest level of accuracy using the data collected, was the RNN model, with a Mean Absolute Error (MAE) of 0.2235, performing better than the MLP and CNN models which had MAEs of 51.68 and 0.9856 respectively. 
Although the RNN model provided accurate results, further research is needed into this topic, using alternative algorithms such as XGBoost or Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) to aid in a more reliable prediction. 
As well as this, more data is required from minor leagues to improve upon accuracy as it would allow more teams in the Northeast to be checked for a correlation. Data could be collected via team instead of league.
